hello everyone welcome back all right
France there are two things you did not
mean one being such a good-looking man
no not all I'm just trying to ease
yourself up shut up before I kill you
we have to kill Chris all right let's
get back oh yeah I'm Han Solo by your
head
ugly Oh think he's going to say throw
the whole frickin video on my solo
he keeps saying hand and I keep hearing
Hey right everyone want ever put your
face against my body what I thought
you're gonna say something else is she
oh I don't even on all right Chris
punish me punish me don't frickin watch
me you enjoy Chris my turn punish me you
want to be punished yeah yes on this
week what okay we're anyway here lies
Syed Han Solo Watts pistol
I'm tired of using the arrow so what are
we doing to him we are going to select
our factions oh yeah gonna be alright Oh
press the letter V but it's like what do
whether you yeah sip hunter clone or
drawing fine like the law to your hat
kill everybody you hate 12 your armor
and loss all these sins we need to
create our weapons I going for tonight
saver okay there ain't one I'm going for
the blue moon book thinks I need a bunch
of mining turtles for us it would be
weird but Oh freaking welcome John
Connor who took all the freakin diamonds
I had a make one of these got that top
you guys are all greedy I need
one diamond Jesus calm down there's food
here you should have out don't you dare
raise your mind I said it is the
formation okay this is me this is me not
listening to a word you chumps are
saying because iota I'm picking over one
and I don't care can you talk like Yoda
well you didn't know cannot know know
every hate Oh what was that that's cool
let's savor but it doesn't have any
light was that runescape what did you
tape music ow ow ow oh god I'm dying a
horrible death right now what are you
doing out there there's electricity all
around mr. the letter L sir this
is beautiful l oh can I hit someone can
I test this money Electric Wow oh my god
oh you like levels robot ganking can you
still kill each other ding - do you Kris
I need to level up for once
oh I need to love love okay wait let me
level up once and let I'll be happy okay
I'm happy okay you sound like a robot
damn it
do I really sound like a robot
second I'm going decking
oh yeah yeah shift + spacebar the Freak
was that Oh
hold shift Apsara goddammit Carlo you're
still a droid turn back into yourselves
ow he hurts why this is so damn tough it
shouldn't be this tough wrecked it this
is it Jenna everything we killed it we
come on der Poel wait what is this thing
holy prayers a lot we need to find
Bristol's okay we took five different
color crystals so we can get better
weapons and crap oh I want to know what
the spheres does you guys want to find
out what's fears the fears fears up
there
oh yes go oh no it doesn't work you just
bored sheep
yeah sit the city killing I'm opposite
David Yoshi
behind you
oh he's stabbing
at each tell us on the fight now that Oh
what happened to you oh are you stuck
wait I want to be upside down I was
murdered
wait it was a cow like the construction
have what is going on yeah dirt guys
we're here join me
how do we get up there at that block
let's get the blocks throwing the base
you need some stuff I need some stuff
oh my goodness you guys should come up
here this is so weird
God Kyle are you still sore about
Carla's getting into a draw am I
seriously do you been freaking Bing you
dig inside dude hey I'm digging inside
hey there we go hi Emily good come on
daddy got 300 God hey what happens if
you break this go into orbit when you
I'm gonna break this thing oh my god
this is ridiculous this
I don't know into it breaking a letter
is the otter star core I can't break I
don't have anything to do I'm doing it I
can either just do it
we're games with you I just broke it
with my hand oh did I do a q4 kick 10
hours took me about as long as it needed
wow there's a lot of what's in here
though
there are no bins here cosine I hate it
right there Wow said you were rich it's
like what diamond look around how do we
get out of here okay okay okay okay yeah
awesome
on the next episode Oh we'll figure out
how to get out of here wait there's no
way out of here
um the
hey don't blame me whoa all right I
gotta get your show don't forget to hit
the like button and check out other
channels to get this Christian below and
we'll see you next time bye bye bye
I'm so confused let's try another are
you looking at the same book again and
again
kupah you're being silly let me check
this
yay we finally found it oh really this
one seems ancient